Small PR (#8)
apace100/origins-docs: docs/bientity_actions.md

---

> title: Actions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Bi-entity Actions
```

date: 2021-10-06
---
# Bi-Entity Actions

> Bi-Entity Actions are a special type of action that acts upon two entities: The actor, and target. Which entity is the actor, or target, is largely dependent on the power type in question.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bi-entity Actions operate on a `Pair<Entity, Entity>`; in simpler terms: an actor and a target. The actor and target is determined depending on the used power type, and can be swapped.
```
